docs: add one-line expected machine add example (#2627)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/provisioning/ingesting-hosts.md

NICo needs to know the factory default credentials for each BMC, which is expressed as a JSON table of "Expected Machines".  The serial number is used to verify the BMC MAC matches the actual serial number of the chassis.

To add a single host, use `expected-machine add`:

```bash
carbide-admin-cli expected-machine add --bmc-mac-address "D8:19:09:00:05:A4" --bmc-password '0penBmc' --chassis-serial-number B8111801000852100085Y0SA --bmc-username root

> ```

Author: accept changes

> nico-admin-cli -c <api-url> expected-machine add --bmc-mac-address "02:00:00:00:00:01" --bmc-password 'default-password' --chassis-serial-number CHASSIS-SN-001 --bmc-username root

Reviewer: This will render a lot better if you add continuations
```suggestion
nico-admin-cli -c <api-url> expected-machine add \
  --bmc-mac-address "02:00:00:00:00:01" \
  --bmc-password 'default-password' \
  --chassis-serial-number CHASSIS-SN-001 \
  --bmc-username root
```

> nico-admin-cli -c <api-url> expected-machine add --bmc-mac-address "D8:19:09:00:05:A4" --bmc-password '0penBmc' --chassis-serial-number B8111801000852100085Y0SA --bmc-username root

Reviewer 2: I would not use real values in your example.   Use a made up mac, password and serial number

Author: Updated in b726037 to use made-up example values for the MAC address, password, and serial number.

}
```

> Only servers listed in the expected machines table will be ingested. Use `expected-machine add` for individual hosts, or use `replace-all` when you want the JSON file to define the complete table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only servers listed in the expected machines table will be ingested. To add an individual host, use `expected-machine add`. To completely replace the table using the content of the JSON file, use `replace-all`.
```
